feat(progress): add parts for more design customization (#22938)
ionic-team/ionic-framework: core/src/components/progress-bar/readme.md

# ion-progress-bar

Progress bars inform users about the status of ongoing processes, such as loading an app, submitting a form, or saving updates. There are two types of progress bars: `determinate` and `indeterminate`.

## Progress Type

### Determinate

Determinate is the default type. It should be used when the percentage of an operation is known. The progress is represented by setting the `value` property. This can be used to show the progress increasing from 0 to 100% of the track.

> If the `buffer` property is set, a buffer stream will show with animated circles to indicate activity. The value of the `buffer` property will also be represented by how much visible track there is. If the value of `buffer` is less than the `value` property, there will be no visible track. If `buffer`` is equal to `1` then the buffer stream will be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `buffer` property is set, a buffer stream will show with animated circles to indicate activity. The value of the `buffer` property will also be represented by how much visible track there is. If the value of `buffer` is less than the `value` property, there will be no visible track. If `buffer` is equal to `1` then the buffer stream will be hidden.
```

### Indeterminate

> The indeterminate type should be used when it is unknown how long the process will take. The progress bar is not tied to the `value`, instead it continually grows and shrinks along the track until the process is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The indeterminate type should be used when it is unknown how long the process will take. The progress bar is not tied to the `value`, instead it continually slides along the track until the process is complete.
```
